very personal
we are here once again to estacon
occurring a very interesting fact but
already okay so I just split
about 20 days more or more
the less approximate I divide is called
jataí
there were enough female workers
happening here now is that the swarm of
stronger jataí is entering the box
invaded the box has many bees
dead in some here I got
here are fighting and it's called
arriving here is very strong
already entered the majority have already entered to
Mark
in many bees out here right
it is an invasion and as the saying goes that the
strongest prevails over the weakest
This box I had split is not in a
cardboard box
today I am without material to
building a more appropriate box
for them
ai quiet grandpa and now we wait
Let's see what will happen soon enough.
bee fighting right?
but most are getting into the box and
I'll get a little closer trying
move the camera closer to the
Do you have an idea?
Wow
looks just where b that has the command
open that is in the door
many friends
good guys, this is it, there you go
registered there for you to have a
notion there of the invasion of chan
Okay, bye, bye, bye.